Dad, you must grow up healthily. Mom is looking forward to seeing you.
When the time comes, our ship and engine family will
You are too gifted to return the favor.
Is it possible for you to keep this child?
It’s all because I want to have such a young lady like you.
What did you say
Don't believe it. Don't believe it.
No, no, you kept our child to treat Zero Seventy-Two Disease
That one is my child
Why do you believe so much that he is a life?
If he hadn't entered just for the sake of it, he would have died long ago.
I won't let you hurt me either
I let you out
sorry me
I was used as a second dragon flying off the Internet
If you can still ask for two more temples, I will go out.
I'll come over now